[Empty State] Add full width prop (#2992)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Enhancements

> - Added a full width property to empty state component with centered layout ([#2992](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2992))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `fullWidth` prop to `EmptyState` to support full width content within a content context ([#2992](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2992))
```
